docs(ingestion): enhancement for issue 12468 (#12571)
datahub-project/datahub: docs/ui-ingestion.md

### I see 'N/A' when I try to run ingestion. What do I do?

If you see 'N/A', and the ingestion run state never changes to 'Running', this may mean 

> that your `datahub-ingestion` container (where `datahub actions -c <config-file>` lives, see also [actions](actions/README.md)) is down.

Reviewer: imo this is more confusing, since the container is not called `datahub-ingestion`

```suggestion
that your `datahub-actions` container (where ingestion runs; see also [actions](actions/README.md)) is down.
```

Author: > datahub-ingestion

@hsheth2 , thank you for comments.

I found the container name from (here) [https://datahubproject.io/docs/docker].

Reviewer: `acryldata/datahub-ingestion` is used for cron-style usage, but is not part of our docker-compose deployment

datahub-actions actually installs the deps based on the ingestion configuration, so it's the right container to reference here
